[MTM-56608] Fixed issue with logging using user alias and TFA SMS wit… (#1830)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-10-18-540-63-fixed-issue-with-logging-using-user-alias-and-tfa-sms-with-basic-authentication.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed issue with logging using user alias and TFA SMS with basic authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Login using user alias and TFA SMS with basic authentication works reliably again
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: q3kclF6pO
    label: Authentication
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-56608

> version: 10.18.540.63

Reviewer 2: you have fixed it in multiple release lines, should you create release notes for each of the fixed version ?

Reviewer: @kalavathig1 @Michal-Bak For the release lines 10.18 and below I will add the ticket to the release notes.

Reviewer: > @kalavathig1 @Michal-Bak For the release lines 10.18 and below I will add the ticket to the release notes. Please still add the text to the release notes field in such cases (older release lines).

Author: Yes, after this base PR is accepted I will prepare graft as always.

---

> Fixed a random *"invalid TFA token due to user inactivity"* issue when logging in using user alias and TFA SMS with basic authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a random issue ("invalid TFA token due to user inactivity") when logging in using the user alias and TFA SMS with basic authentication.
```
